Add PostHog for User Interaction (#864)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/configuration.md

## Telemetry configuration

By default, the platform will send anonymous usage information back to us at FlowForge Inc.
This can be disabled via the Admin Settings in the UI, or turned off in the configuration file with the `telemetry.enabled` option.

> Additionally, you can configure your own instance of FlowForge to report back to you on how users are using your instance of FlowForge. FlowForge is designed to work two providers:
> 
> - [PostHog](https://posthog.com/) _(recommended)_: You will require your own API key to pass into the `yml`, which will begin the logging of user interactions.
> - [Plausible](https://plausible.io/): You can setup your own account, and pass the relevant domain to the `yml` in the telemetry configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can configure your own instance of FlowForge to report back to you on how users are using your instance of FlowForge. FlowForge supports integration with two different services:

- [PostHog](https://posthog.com/) _(recommended)_: You will require your own API key to pass into the `yml`, which will begin the logging of user interactions.
- [Plausible](https://plausible.io/): _(deprecated since 0.9 and will be removed in the future)_: You can setup your own account, and pass the relevant domain to the `yml` in the telemetry configuration
```

For more information about this feature, see [here](/docs/admin/telemetry.md)

Option        | Description
--------------|------------
`telemetry.enabled` | Enables the anonymous usage telemetry of the platform. Default: `true`
`telemetry.frontend.posthog.apikey` | The API key provided to you from your own PostHog account. Default: `null`
`telemetry.frontend.posthog.capture_pageview` | FlowForge is designed as to provide custom posthog `$pageview` events that provide more detail on navigation than the default, and suit a single page application better. As such, we recommend setting this to false in order to prevent duplicate `pageleave`/`pageview` events firing. Default: `true`

> `telemetry.frontend.plausible.domain` | _(Plausible not supported beyond 0.9)_ The `data-domain` of your site (see [Plausible docs](https://plausible.io/docs/plausible-script)). Default: `null`
> `telemetry.frontend.plausible.extension` | _(Plausible not supported beyond 0.9)_  By default, Plausible only detects events running in a production environment, it is possible to enhance measurements with [script extensions](https://plausible.io/docs/script-extensions). You can, for example, detect localhost events using `local`. Default: `null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`telemetry.frontend.plausible.domain` | _(deprecated)_ The `data-domain` of your site (see [Plausible docs](https://plausible.io/docs/plausible-script)). Default: `null`
`telemetry.frontend.plausible.extension` | _(deprecated)_  By default, Plausible only detects events running in a production environment, it is possible to enhance measurements with [script extensions](https://plausible.io/docs/script-extensions). You can, for example, detect localhost events using `local`. Default: `null`
```
